"A SaaS tool made for DJ’s where they can find unique edits/ of songs. This workflow is currently very cooked, since you either have to Shazam it in real-time or find it through SoundCloud (much of it is thrash and very time consuming) in one of the many songs listed. This workflow is not that nice

I want to create a tool, where the user requests a/many song(s), and my tool asynchronously sends this to another server which start analyzing (if you pay more you get faster/priority results) of all SoundCloud edits of this song and classifies these with unique proprietary variables such as: temperament, tempo and genre (these are to be derermined) 

The user will be shown this on a visualizer with a 3dimension scatterplot of points (songs) with the color of the points also being ‘popularity & quality’ (proprietary function to compute this) to easily filter out crappy songs 

The user can easily browse through edits etc via a very sleek visualizer

And these results are cached, and in some times most of the results shown are cached results (very cheap) 

And to save cost we sign up for a AWS startup initiatives"




I will probably use the workflow, of connecting the account via your Soundcloud account with a button on the top right. https://developers.soundcloud.com/docs/api/rate-limits#play-requests It appears that enables up to 15000 songs per user per day, which is way more than we need.

In the typical workflow: a user types a song, 
We find 50-100 edits on Soundcloud (for popular songs)
The clients browser start downloading these songs, and sending them to my/one of the AWS central server(s) (it only sends one minute of music (1MB) per song to my server, so to a total of 50/100MB for all edits)

This AWS server analyses the track in memory via neural networks to find the vibe without storing it, it stores some (10-20?) parameters of this track which store the vibe, so in the future we have a large database where we can also find similairly vibed songs. 
And when it's done with everything it sends a list back with the {song_title, soundcloud_link, parameter_1, parameter_2, parameter_3, parameter_4, paramter_5} where the parameters are popularity/professionality, temperament, tempo (prob not actual bpm, but how speedy it 'feels'), specific genre, and how energetic it is. (somethi along the lines of this)

I love the idea of analyzing it with CLAP (Contrastive Language-Audio Pretraining) by LAION and asking the AI if the song is more similar to a ‘professional well-mixed high-quality studio production’ or a ‘amateur bedroom producer distorted mix’ 

And other questions about specific (sub)genres

And how danceable / energetic this model is


I might also use a more regular tensor flow model such as essentia.js's model for generic result, and I will investigate more models in the future. For now this is enough. 


The client receives this, and it will display these results in a beautiful 3D scatterplot , where the user can easily find the perfect edit for him. It start selected at the original edit , and if he wants a more energetic version he can find it on the 3D axis. This whole process should most importantly be fun to use!!! I attached a very vague description of what this page should look like, SUBJET_TO_CHANGE.


